docs/source/user/py/references/HHChannel2D.rst, before:

HHChannel2D
-----------

.. py:class:: HHChannel2D

   HHChannel2D: Hodgkin-Huxley type voltage-gated Ion channel. Something like the old tabchannel from GENESIS, but also presents a similar interface as hhchan from GENESIS.

   .. py:method:: setXindex

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getXindex

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setYindex

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getYindex

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setZindex

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getZindex

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setXpower

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getXpower

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setYpower

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getYpower

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setZpower

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getZpower

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setInstant

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getInstant

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setX

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getX

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setY

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getY

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setZ

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getZ

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: concen

      (*destination message field*)      Incoming message from Concen object to specific conc to useas the first concen variable


   .. py:method:: concen2

      (*destination message field*)      Incoming message from Concen object to specific conc to useas the second concen variable


   .. py:method:: setNumGateX

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns number of field entries in field array.


   .. py:method:: getNumGateX

      (*destination message field*)      Requests number of field entries in field array.The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setNumGateY

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns number of field entries in field array.


   .. py:method:: getNumGateY

      (*destination message field*)      Requests number of field entries in field array.The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setNumGateZ

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns number of field entries in field array.


   .. py:method:: getNumGateZ

      (*destination message field*)      Requests number of field entries in field array.The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:attribute:: Xindex

      string (*value field*)      String for setting X index.


   .. py:attribute:: Yindex

      string (*value field*)      String for setting Y index.


   .. py:attribute:: Zindex

      string (*value field*)      String for setting Z index.


   .. py:attribute:: Xpower

      double (*value field*)      Power for X gate


   .. py:attribute:: Ypower

      double (*value field*)      Power for Y gate


   .. py:attribute:: Zpower

      double (*value field*)      Power for Z gate


   .. py:attribute:: instant

      int (*value field*)      Bitmapped flag: bit 0 = Xgate, bit 1 = Ygate, bit 2 = ZgateWhen true, specifies that the lookup table value should beused directly as the state of the channel, rather than usedas a rate term for numerical integration for the state


   .. py:attribute:: X

      double (*value field*)      State variable for X gate


   .. py:attribute:: Y

      double (*value field*)      State variable for Y gate


   .. py:attribute:: Z

      double (*value field*)      State variable for Y gate

Commit message:

instant A/B
If instant is true for the gate, the state is set directly to A/B value

docs/source/user/py/references/HHChannel2D.rst, after:

HHChannel2D
-----------

.. py:class:: HHChannel2D

   HHChannel2D: Hodgkin-Huxley type voltage-gated Ion channel. Something like the old tabchannel from GENESIS, but also presents a similar interface as hhchan from GENESIS.

   .. py:method:: setXindex

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getXindex

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setYindex

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getYindex

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setZindex

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getZindex

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setXpower

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getXpower

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setYpower

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getYpower

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setZpower

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getZpower

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setInstant

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getInstant

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setX

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getX

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setY

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getY

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setZ

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns field value.


   .. py:method:: getZ

      (*destination message field*)      Requests field value. The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: concen

      (*destination message field*)      Incoming message from Concen object to specific conc to useas the first concen variable


   .. py:method:: concen2

      (*destination message field*)      Incoming message from Concen object to specific conc to useas the second concen variable


   .. py:method:: setNumGateX

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns number of field entries in field array.


   .. py:method:: getNumGateX

      (*destination message field*)      Requests number of field entries in field array.The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setNumGateY

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns number of field entries in field array.


   .. py:method:: getNumGateY

      (*destination message field*)      Requests number of field entries in field array.The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:method:: setNumGateZ

      (*destination message field*)      Assigns number of field entries in field array.


   .. py:method:: getNumGateZ

      (*destination message field*)      Requests number of field entries in field array.The requesting Element must provide a handler for the returned value.


   .. py:attribute:: Xindex

      string (*value field*)      String for setting X index.


   .. py:attribute:: Yindex

      string (*value field*)      String for setting Y index.


   .. py:attribute:: Zindex

      string (*value field*)      String for setting Z index.


   .. py:attribute:: Xpower

      double (*value field*)      Power for X gate


   .. py:attribute:: Ypower

      double (*value field*)      Power for Y gate


   .. py:attribute:: Zpower

      double (*value field*)      Power for Z gate


   .. py:attribute:: instant

      int (*value field*)      Bitmapped flag: bit 0 = Xgate, bit 1 = Ygate, bit 2 = ZgateWhen true, specifies that the lookup table value should be used directly as the state of the channel, rather than used as a rate term for numerical integration for the state. The state is set directly to A/B for that gate.


   .. py:attribute:: X

      double (*value field*)      State variable for X gate


   .. py:attribute:: Y

      double (*value field*)      State variable for Y gate


   .. py:attribute:: Z

      double (*value field*)      State variable for Y gate
